# Beware all who enter here.

The kingdom of the Three Golden Towers has fallen under the control of undead
forces released by necromancer Kriptor Fallensword, a power-crazed rogue mage
from the wetlands.

The people in your town are suffering worse than most under his evil regime, as
the presence of the undead and stench of death cause their crops to fail and
animals to waste and die. To magnify the townsfolk's suffering, the mage has
also contaminated the land with spores from a corrupted strain of the
iron-blight fungus. This fungus thrives on the surface of iron and steel,
secreting a viscous fluid that embrittles the base material, making it
impossible for even the most skilled blacksmiths to work the metal properly.
Tools and weapons degrade rapidly and are prone to sudden, unexpected failure.

The people's only hope of salvation is to raise an army of mercenaries and
monster-hunters who can rid the kingdom from Fallensword's undead minions. But
armies cost money and your fellow townsfolk have none!

But all is not lost. On the outskirts of the town can be found the Krestal
dungeons. The dungeons are over two centuries old, and are built within
the even older dwarven mines of the Black Dragon Mountains. These vast mines
were dug deep beneath the mountains and were once the source of much of the
town's wealth. Legends say that throughout the dungeons are scattered a number
of enchanted gold portals, originally used by the dwarves to transport their
minings up to surface.

You have agreed to enter the dungeon and send back, via these portals, as much
gold as you can to help your fellow townsfolk raise an army and free the Three
Golden Towers from the curse that blights the land.

You're on the ground floor of the dungeon. Water trickles down the walls to mix
with the fungi and slime that coat the stone floor. There is a familiar smell
of death hanging in the air and clinging to the back of your throat.